lychee: add page (#13733)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lychee.md

# lychee

> Find broken URLs.
> More information: <https://lychee.cli.rs/usage/cli/>.

- Scan a website for broken links:

`lychee {{https://example.com}}`

> - Display breakdown of error types:
> 
> `lychee --form detailed {{https://example.com}}`

Reviewer: `--form` is not an option.

> --format <FORMAT>
          Output format of final status report (compact, detailed, json, markdown) [default: compact]

```suggestion
- Display a breakdown of error types:

`lychee --format detailed {{https://example.com}}`
```
